Let me explain this to you.
And let you know who I really am
Many years ago, next week, the three major families and five realms Xiao Jia
Fangjie Fang Jia and the border Su family
Three families were harassed by evil
The daughter of three families will not live to be 18 years old
At that time, only my master Xuanji was the old man
Lend me a pair of divine eyes
Just ended the killing
So today I have the status of 3 companies
Sanjia Alliance
When the daughters of the three families grow up, they will marry me
Yes, I am the peak of the five realms
Next to this is Zhiji Lingyun Fangling
What Luo Zhan said is true
What Miss Su has been engaged to marry many years ago?
If he hadn't used his eyes as a price
I won't invite you today
I would like to get married now, but not to die today